Adding new doc for TeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy (#7448)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Set-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Hosted.dll-help.xml
Module Name: Skype for Business Online
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/set-csteamsnetworkroamingpolicy
applicable: Skype for Business Online
title: Set-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy
author: TristanChen-msft
ms.author: jiaych
ms.reviewer: 
manager: mreddy
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy

## SYNOPSIS

> Set-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy allows IT Admins to create or update policies for Network Roaming and Bandwidth Control experiences in Microsoft Teams 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy allows IT Admins to create or update policies for Network Roaming and Bandwidth Control experiences in Microsoft Teams.
```

## SYNTAX

```

> Set-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy [-Tenant <System.Guid>] [-Identity <XdsIdentity>] [-AllowIPVideo <Boolean>] [-MediaBitRateKb <Integer>] [-Description <String>] [-LocalStore] [<CommonParameters>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy [-Tenant <System.Guid>] [-Identity <XdsIdentity>] [-AllowIPVideo <Boolean>] [-MediaBitRateKb <Integer>] [-Description <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

```

## DESCRIPTION
Updates or creates new Teams Network Roaming Policies configured for use in your organization.

The TeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to provide specific settings from the TeamsMeetingPolicy to be rendered dynamically based upon the location of the Teams client.  The TeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy cannot be granted to a user but instead can be assigned to a network site.  The settings from the TeamsMeetingPolicy included are AllowIPVideo and MediaBitRateKb. When a Teams client is connected to a network site where a CsTeamRoamingPolicy is assigned, these two settings from the TeamsRoamingPolicy will be used instead of the settings from the TeamsMeetingPolicy.   

> More on impact of bit rate setting on bandwidth can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/prepare-network).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More on the impact of bit rate setting on bandwidth can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/prepare-network).
```

## EXAMPLES

###-------------------------- Example 1 --------------------------
```powershell
PS C:\> Set-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy -Identity "RedmondRoaming" -AllowIPVideo $true -MediaBitRateKb 2000 -Description "Redmond campus roaming policy"
```

> The command shown in  Example 1 updates the teams network roaming policy with Identity "RedmondRoaming" with IP Video feature enabled and the maximum media bit rate is capped at 2000 Kbps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command shown in  Example 1 updates the teams network roaming policy with Identity "RedmondRoaming" with IP Video feature enabled, and the maximum media bit rate is capped at 2000 Kbps.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -Identity

> Unique identifier of the policy to be returned.
> If this parameter is omitted, then all the meeting policies configured for use in your organization will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unique identifier of the policy to be modified.
```

```yaml
Type: XdsIdentity
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowIPVideo
Determines whether video is enabled in a user's meetings or calls. 
Set this to TRUE to allow the user to share their video. Set this to FALSE to prohibit the user from sharing their video.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: True
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MediaBitRateKb
Determines the media bit rate for audio/video/app sharing transmissions in meetings.

```yaml
Type: Integer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 50000
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description

> Description of the new policy to be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description of the policy to be edited.
```
